UserInfo endpoint not fully standards compliant (#1675)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-19_0_2.adoc

With this configuration, you can still use the logout endpoint without a user prompt.

WARNING: The backwards compatibility switch will be removed in some future version - probably Keycloak 23. You are encouraged to update your clients as soon as possible as described above rather than rely on this switch.

= UserInfo Endpoint Changes

Error response changes::
  The UserInfo endpoint is now returning error responses fully compliant with https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6750[RFC 6750] (The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage). Error code and description (if available) are provided as `WWW-Authenticate` challenge attributes rather than JSON object fields.
  The responses will be the following, depending on the error condition:

>   * In case no access token is provided:

Reviewer: "an access token" might be good instead of "access token".

Author: I'm afraid an article cannot be used with "no" :)

+
----
401 Unauthorized
WWW-Authenticate: Bearer realm="myrealm"
----

>   * In case several methods are used simultaneously to provide access token (e.g. Authorization header + POST access_token parameter), or POST parameters are duplicated:

Reviewer: "an access token" might be good instead of "access token".

Author: done

+
----
400 Bad Request
WWW-Authenticate: Bearer realm="myrealm", error="invalid_request", error_description="..."
----

>   * In case access token is missing `openid` scope:

Reviewer: "an access token" might be good instead of "access token".

Author: done

through the RESTful Admin API.

For now on, this capability is *disabled* and users should deploy scripts directly to the server. This behaviour is aligned with other script based providers. For more details,
please take a look at link:{developerguide_jsproviders_link}[{developerguide_jsproviders_name}].

= UserInfo Endpoint Changes

Error response changes::
  The UserInfo endpoint is now returning error responses fully compliant with https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6750[RFC 6750] (The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: Bearer Token Usage). Error code and description (if available) are provided as `WWW-Authenticate` challenge attributes rather than JSON object fields.
  The responses will be the following, depending on the error condition:
  * In case no access token is provided:
+
----
401 Unauthorized
WWW-Authenticate: Bearer realm="myrealm"
----

>   * In case several methods are used simultaneously to provide an access token (e.g. Authorization header + POST access_token parameter), or POST parameters are duplicated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * In case several methods are used simultaneously to provide an access token (for example, Authorization header + POST access_token parameter), or POST parameters are duplicated:
```

+
----
400 Bad Request
WWW-Authenticate: Bearer realm="myrealm", error="invalid_request", error_description="..."
----
  * In case an access token is missing `openid` scope:
+
----
403 Forbidden
WWW-Authenticate: Bearer realm="myrealm", error="insufficient_scope", error_description="Missing openid scope"
----
  * In case of inability to resolve cryptographic keys for UserInfo response signing/encryption:
+
----
500 Internal Server Error
----

>   * In case of a token validation error, a `401 Unauthorized` is returned in combination with the `invalid_token` error code. This includes user and client related checks and actually captures all the remaining error cases:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * In case of a token validation error, a `401 Unauthorized` is returned in combination with the `invalid_token` error code. This erro includes user and client related checks and actually captures all the remaining error cases:
```
